# 2020-01-04

## be supposed to ~
- I'm supposed to deal with it.
- You're not supposed to touch this screen with your hands.
- Am I supposed to do this job?
- Were you supposed to bring the box here?
- Aren't you supposed to go home now?

## Be ~ ?
- Are you available now?
- Are they in Korea?
- Weren't you worried about it?
- Aren't you busy with your job now?
- Is WAVE famous in France?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because I'm younger than you, doesn't mean I can't work better than you.
- Just because he is strong, doesn't mean he can open this bottle.
- Just because my phone is an old model, doesn't mean I can't play WAVE with you.
- Just because she is as famous as celebrities, doesn't mean she is pretty.
- Just because it's cold outside, doesn't mean I don't want to drink iced ameriano.

# 2020-01-05

## be supposed to ~
- I'm not supposed to help you for no reason.
- My boss was supposed to do this job but he did for her.
- Are you supposed to get up early tomorrow?
- Isn't he supposed to study with his members?
- Was I supposed to review what she did?

## Be ~ ?
- Are you interested in her?
- Is she your sister?
- Are they her nieces?
- Were you sad when she left?
- Was she depressed when she failed the test?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because I'm a developer, doesn't mean I can fix computers.
- Just because I'm interested in her, doesn't mean she's interested in me too.
- Just because he doesn't like me, doesn't he can fire me.
- Just because someone is a developer, doensn't mean he or she likes studying programming.
- Just because she have a phone, doesn't mean you can call her anytime.


# 2020-01-06

## be supposed to ~
- I'm supposed to go to bed to get up early tomorrow.
- I'm not supposed to take care of an intern developer.
- Aren't you supposed to wear this glasses to protect your eyes?
- We're supposed to visit our boss in the hospital.
- Was I supposed call the police?

## Be ~ ?
- Are you nervous at all?
- Aren't you afraid of the trial?
- Were you awake when they talked behind your back?
- Are you sleepy?
- Was he your boss?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because I'm Korean, doesn't mean I eat Kimchi every day.
- Just because you like her, doesn't mean she has to like you too.
- Just because it's too late, doesn't mean it's better not to do anything.
- Just because she looked at you, doesn't mean you're good-looking.
- Just because he works hard, doesn't mean he makes a lot of money.

# 2020-01-07

## be supposed to ~
- You're not supposed to read the document.
- Are you supposed to deal with everything?
- Isn't she supposed to see me at 5?
- We're not supposed to attend the seminar.
- Every employee is supposed to have a checkup by end of this month.

## Be ~ ?
- Are you interested in her?
- Is he a valedictorian?
- Isn't he your ex-boyfriend?
- Is your wife a doctor?
- Were you available when I called you?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because it's winter, doesn't mean every day is cold.
- Just because I'm a developer, doesn't mean I can fix your computer.
- Just because I'm older than you, doesn't mean I can be rude to you.
- Just because he is in a office, doesn't mean he is working.
- Just because you have a muscle pain, doesn't mean you can skip working out.

# 2020-01-08

## be supposed to ~
- Am I supposed to join your study group?
- Weren't you supposed to post it up here?
- Are they supposed to finish it by tomorrow?
- Was I supposed to give it to him?
- My parents are supposed to come to my graduation.

## Be ~ ?
- Are you into a new framework?
- Is he a your boss?
- Weren't you afraid of ghosts?
- Is he interested in golang?
- Isn't it funny that he talked to us like that?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because you're tired, doesn't mean you can skip homework.
- Just because today is Satuday, doesn't mean you can sleep all day long.
- Just because I'm into new language, doesn't mean I can use it.
- Just because everyone didn't answer me, doesn't mean everyone hates me.
- Just because it will be cold tomorrow, doesn't mean I'll wear a padding jacket.

# 2020-01-09

## be supposed to ~
- Aren't you supposed to work until 7 p.m.?
- I'm supposed to help new comers this month instead of her.
- I'm not supposed to wake up early tomorrow because tomorrow is Friday.
- Are they supposed to attend the AWS seminar 2 weeks later?
- Isn't she supposed to finish it by next week?

## Be ~ ?
- Is golang easy to learn if I can use Java and Typescript?
- Is Rust is better than golang?
- Isn't she into learning new things?
- Am I too lazy to learn new things?
- Weren't you drunk last night?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because I can't use golang now, doesn't mean I'm not interested in it.
- Just becuase she likes him, doesn't mean he has to like her.
- Just because you have been working longer than me, doesn't mean I can't make better code than you.
- Just because you are an intern, doesn't mean we're not taking care of you.
- Just because we need more developer, doesn't mean we need any developers.

# 2020-01-10

## be supposed to ~
- Am I supposed to leave before 10?
- Were you supposed to solve it and post up in the chat room?
- Aren't you supposed to study to get a scholarship?
- I'm supposed to lose weight before I see her.
- Aren't you supposed to work in your office?

## Be ~ ?
- Were you happy when we saw in Gangnam?
- Am I hungry or thirsty?
- Weren't you worried about me?
- Isn't Jay a developer?
- Was she annoyed when she failed the test?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because she talks to me often, doesn't mean she likes me.
- Just because you work hard, doesn't mean you can make a lot of money.
- Just because it's Friday, doesn't mean you can get off work early.
- Just because it's too hard to solve, doesn't mean I can't solve it.
- Just because it's winter, doesn't you have to wear gloves.

# 2020-01-11

## be supposed to ~
- Aren't you supposed to hand in your essay by today?
- Was I supposed to upload the file on our cloud server? 
- I'm supposed to wash our hands before we touch my baby.
- We're not supposed to go to work next Monday because it's holiday.
- Weren't your friends supposed to come to the party?

## Be ~ ?
- Is he sad because he broke with her?
- Are the new members passionate to study English?
- Wasn't he the famous rapper on Youtube?
- Are you happy with your life?
- Were you drunk when I called you last night?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because I'm between jobs, doesn't mean I'm broke.
- Just because he is a popular, doesn't mean he is rude.
- Just because I used to play guitar, doesn't mean I can play it now.
- Just because I don't have any plans on Friday, doesn't mean I don't have friends.
- Just because the issue is critical, doesn't mean you can fix it without thinking.

# 2020-01-12

## be supposed to ~
- I'm not supposed to work on weekend.
- You're not supposed to use this database.
- I was supposed to wear a suit to the party.
- Which foods are we supposed to cook in 설날?
- When are you supposed to see our boss today?

## Be ~ ?
- Were you surprised when you bumped into me?
- Are you happy with your job now?
- Aren't you on vacation?
- Isn't she unavailabe tomorrow?
- Wasn't she good at speaking?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because she is on the trip, doesn't mean we can't call her.
- Just because he is an intern, doesn't mean he can't work.
- Just because I'm busy with work, doesn't mean I don't have to study.
- Just because you want to learn cooking, doesn't mean you have to sign up for a cooking class.
- Just because I'm a developer, doesn't mean I can fix your computer.

# 2020-01-13

## be supposed to ~
- Which place are you supposed to go to take the test on Saturday?
- Which department store do you think we are supposed to go to get the item?
- We're not supposed to go to work tomorrow because he'll fix the wall all day.
- Isn't she supposed to come today?
- The soccer player was supposed to show up in the game.

## Be ~ ?
- Are you stuck in traffic?
- Are you on vacation until tomorrow?
- Weren't you sick last night?
- Is it important as much as we have to memorize?
- Is China is big compared to the U.S.?
- Was she shocked when she knew the secret?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because I'm alone, doesn't mean I'm solo.
- Just because my car is clean, doesn't mean I get my car washed every day.
- Just because you have no time to review, doesn't mean you can skip it.
- Just because it was not a well-thought-out plan, doesn't mean it was poor.
- Just because you've joined our group, doesn't mean you don't have to practice.

# 2020-01-14

## be supposed to ~
- You're not supposed to use this without asking me.
- We're not supposed to enter this area beause it's so dangerous.
- Is she supposed to get up early tomorrow?
- They are supposed to ask it to me by tomorrow.
- Were you supposed to pick her up at the airport?

## Be ~ ?
- Are you happy with what you're doing?
- Is she a physics professor?
- Weren't you worried about the result?
- Am I short compared to him?
- Was she in the room when I called her?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because we have no time, doesn't mean you have to go overboard.
- Just because it's hard to do, doesn't mean I can't do it.
- Just because Redis is fast, doesn't mean you can use it as a main database.
- Just because we updated the app, doesn't mean every user can use it now.
- Just because I know who she is, doesn't mean I'm close to her.

# 2020-01-15

## be supposed to ~
- Young kids are not supposed to drink alcohol.
- Aren't you supposed to be at the seminar now?
- Was he supposed to call me to check it out?
- Wasn't she supposed to let us know about it?
- Am I supposed to prepare some treats for them?

## Be ~ ?
- Were you nervous at all at the interview?
- Was she touched when you proposed her?
- Is he a member of Boy Scouts?
- Were you happy when she saw you?
- Are you ready to go?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because I'm busy with work, doesn't mean I don't have a minute or two.
- Just because it's cold outside, doesn't mean you have to keep the door closed.
- Just because she didn't come today, doesn't mean she quit.
- Just because he's happy with his job now, doesn't mean he'll not gonna move to another company.
- Just because I can't get off work early, doesn't mean I'll skip studying at home.

# 2020-01-17

## be supposed to ~
- She's supposed to finish and hand in the essay by 6 p.m.
- Are we supposed pick her up at the airport?
- We're not supposed to use the production database when we develop.
- I'm supposed to attend the study group every Saturday.
- I was supposed to work last weekend, but I didn't because I was sick in bed.

## Be ~ ?
- Am I possibly late for the meeting?
- Isn't Korea big compared to Japan?
- Are they in line to try the food?
- Was I lazy when I was in high school?
- Wasn't she famous when she was in college?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because she has a boyfriend, doesn't mean he can forget her.
- Just because there're a lot of people who are lerning and using React, doesn't mean Vue is not good compared to React.
- Just because you take the class, doesn't mean your skills will be improve by itself.
- Just because you like him, doesn't mean he likes you too.
- Just because today is Friday, doesn't mean I can get off work on time.

# 2020-01-19

## be supposed to ~
- Are you supposed to finish it by tomorrow?
- I'm supposed to take these pills after dinner every day.
- Aren't you supposed to go there by 3?
- I was supposed to be picked up 30 minutes earlier when I called you.
- We were supposed to take the English test to graduate.

## Be ~ ?
- Aren't you tired now?
- Am I too lazy to do something?
- Is this concept too new to take?
- Was she drunk last night?
- Were you focused on something when I called you?

## Just because ~, doesn't mean ~
- Just because I drank yesterday, doesn't mean I have to eat soup.
- Just because I'm happy, doesn't mean I don't get stress at all.
- Just because I'm on diet, doesn't mean I can't eat pizza.
- Just because she's between jobs, doesn't mean she is broke now.
- Just because my company doesn't have enough developers, doesn't mean our service is bad.

## So be 주어
- I'm Okay. / So am I.
- I ate pizza last night. / Really? So did I.
- I finished my job. / So did she.

## as be 주어
- She is nice, as are her parents.
- I like her, as does she.
- The new tablet is fast, as is the new laptop.