# 2020-02-07

## S be ~
- I'm interested in the new game.
- It was my co-worker.
- I'm aware of the rules.
- I was exhausted when I was there.
- We are her parents.

## Do S V?
- Do you think I'm old?
- Does your friend like my style?
- Did you pay for it?
- Did they mock their room mate?
- Did you tell that he is an animal nuts?

## 의문사 be supposed to ~?
- Which am I supposed to choose?
- Who am I supposed to ask about the topic.
- What was I supposed to do by today?
- What are you supposed to do this week?
- What am I suppoed to eat after the surgery.

# 2020-02-09

## S be ~
- I was born in the early 90's.
- My boss wasn't happy with his new car.
- This jacket is waterproof.
- I was in a doctor's office when you called me.
- I'm too busy to take care of the intern.

## Do S V?
- Didn't you move to Seoul?
- Do you like Mint Chocolate?
- Did you contact him?
- Does your niece like the singer?
- Did you play with your kids last weekend?

## 의문사 be supposed to ~?
- Which cafe are we supposed to go to buy the tumbler?
- What time am I supposed to go by to take the class?
- How am I supposed to do it by myself?
- When are you supposed to come back to Korea?
- Where are you supposed to go tomorrow?

# 2020-02-16

## S be ~
- I'm busy with the new job.
- She's happy with her life.
- You and I are still best friends.
- I was in front of the building you when you called me.
- Our company is interested in the candidate.

## Do S V?
- Don't you know Psy?
- Does this dog can sit on command?
- Did you notice her new hair style?
- Did you help her with her report?
- Does your boss bother you?

## 의문사 be supposed to ~?
- Who am I supposed to take care of among the interns?
- Which clothes am I supposed to wear to the party?
- What time are you supposed to go by tomorrow?
- How am I supposed to deal with the big deal!
- Who am I supposed do the job with?
